Update README.md (#759)
Constellation-Labs/tessellation: README.md

# tessellation

![build](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/Constellation-Labs/tessellation/release.yml?label=build)
![version](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/Constellation-Labs/tessellation?sort=semver)

> The Constellation Network Node Software, written in Scala, ready for Kybernetes Deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Constellation Network Node Software, written in Scala, ready for Kubernetes Deployment.
```

## Documentation

> You'll find thorough resources on the documentation site https://docs.constellationnetwork.io.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thorough resources are available on the [documentation site](https://docs.constellationnetwork.io).

> Ensure to go through the [Constellation Network Primer](https://docs.constellationnetwork.io/learn) to review the main characteristics of Constellation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Constellation Network Primer](https://docs.constellationnetwork.io/learn) provides an overview of the Constellation Network.
```

## Dev Setup / Contributing

* [Dev System Setup](SETUP.md)
* [Contributing Instructions and Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md)

## Quick Start

> Running L0 & L1 in Kubernetes

Reviewer: References to `L0` and `L1` may be ambiguous. Are you referring to the _Global_ L0 and L1, or _Metagraph_ ?

Author: This is original text.

Author: squashed & forced pushed, including a small correction for this.
